It seems we have some neigh-sayers in the audience!
Who is so ignorant as to challenge the magical ability of The Great and Powerful Trixie?!
Afraid you'll get a hair out of place in that "rat's nest" you call a mane?
I even had to take a job on a rock farm just to earn a living! A rock farm!
Pull you fools!
The Great and Powerful Trixie doesn't trust wheels.
What matters is Twilight gave me a second chance, and I appreciate it.
Looks like the Great and Powerful Trixie is back to a solo show.
Thank you, Princess Twilight, for getting rid of that annoying pony who wanted to be my first friend!
I am not sad at all!
I definitely don't feel as if my heart is breaking into a million pieces!
I have a whole list of things that are wrong with your friends.
The Great and Powerful Trixie doesn't chant.
"Many fans", you say? [laughs]
Sleep?! Because her roommate snores like an ursa major?!
It's easy when the wagon is a better friend! It would've never traded you away!
Ah...
Trixie is the highest level unicorn!
Cheated? Moi?
Hello... princess!
Behold, the Peat and Growerful Triskie...!
No fruit calls in my class!
Everypony deserves a second chance—even a third chance!
It's good to be the queen!
Trixie will go with you, too!
Whoops! I guess I pictured a teacup poodle? Heh.
[clears throat] Teleport.
It's a working title.
I'd love to perform for peanut butter crackers...
Starlight? What time is it?
Anything you can do, I can do better.
Is Trixie destined to be the greatest equine who has ever lived!?!
You can forgive me, can't you?
Deep down, they never forget.
Come and see the Pathetic and Friendless Trixie
The Starlight I love is passionate, lively, and yeah, sometimes angry.
Usually, ponies just call me Trixie. But "Ms.Powerful" has a nice ring.
but... I'm trying so hard to be good.
Everywhere I went I was laughed at and ostracized!
Great idea, Princess Twilight. Asking me
Teleport, like you told me to.
Um, what exactly is a long-distance plan?
The Great and Powerful Trixie doesn't chant.
Your snoring is a bit, um...